my name is Melinda people don't usually
give me the chance to get to know me hey
Diane left again without cleaning the
bathrooms already stalking that's okay
I'll do it
excuse me sir it's against the rules to
smoke near Punk what do you think I'd
take this and stick it in a pump I
wasn't trying to be mean to you
how are you Melinda
everything good tonight Melinda what the
hell are you doing you are so creepy
okay
everything inside both the registers and
everything in the safe
what's your plan not even supposed to be
here it's too late is there anyone else
in here with you you gotta let me out of
here okay I'm not gonna hurt you I know
you're lying to me the second I untie
you I know you're gonna kill me why do
you keep crying is everything all right
yes you keep asking me that I keep
telling you yes let's get out of here
while we still can
together walk your mind it's very
possible
[Music]
I burn myself all the time it's not a
bad thing fire just forces things to
change really fast
[Music]